identify the gaps in the thinking of their human counterparts and then ask
questions or provide ideas to bridge the gaps. And that's where Infernotus is
like moving from just a you know text
processing tool to more of a like mind
optimizing tool because it's asking questions that gets people to think
about things from a perspective that they as a human would not be able to think about because they're like in
their lives. And that's really where I see, you know, why Infernotice is a tool
that I'm not really seeing any other technology really even go down this path
where they're expediting your ability to do work, but are they actually inspiring
you to be able to think better? And for a human being, you know, as a species,
like our minds and our ability to think is really what differentiates us from
other people even. but other species. And now to be augmented with a machine
intelligence that can passively do that um is is to me like it gives me
goosebumps honestly thinking about it sometimes and you know I'll even show some examples of what the very initial
outcomes are like and you know they make you start believing
like maybe we are farther along to the future than than we even uh anticipate. But you know once I have everything set
up uh into these databases um and we know that different statements
go to different departments I run this second workflow which is just going
through my table my database and then organizing the different statements into
the appropriate graphs. So if it's a statement about manufacturing it goes
into the manufacturing. If it's about sales it goes into the sales graph. And that way information that's relevant to
that department ends up in that department. But if you're a individual
who spans multiple departments, you just get access to multiple graphs. So it's not like you're really losing any
information because the graphs are being sort of self uh um self-contained based
on department. Um, and you know, it's really great, I think, to see just as
people are talking about their day-to-day life, to see a graph uh come
into into picture. Um, and like I was saying, no other vector database that I'm aware
of really gives you the option to do something like this where you're like, hey, seeing this term CNC operator is
having too much of an impact on the graph as a structure. So whenever LLMs
are coming in here, they're always hitting the CNC operator node and then like making decisions on how to navigate
and interpret based off that. But I know like okay, this is sort of meaningless
because it's in the CNC graph. Like obviously we're always going to be talking about the CNC operator and being
able to remove that from the graph and then let's say even something like um
CNC router that's something no other tool as far as I'm aware of and I you
know I don't know everything no other tool allows and you know if we really think about
these graphs as being the knowledge structures or brains that LLM inhabit it
then curating the mind allows the quality of the output
that the LLM provide us to be really high meaningful quality. Um and and
that's to me you know if you're using vector databases it's like why bother
like learning about the complexity of how to deal with those things. Dimmitri and his team have sort of abstracted all
of that for us where you just send the data to these graphs. You know, they do the hard work of storage and and
optimization. And especially with the MCP and the visual tool, you can get to be a digital
brain surgeon. Like that's honestly what it feels like to me when I'm in the Infernotus tool. I really feel like I'm
uh you know doing brain surgery on the agents that I'm building for for my
customers. Um and and especially if you use it in the Chrome extension or in uh
Obsidian where you can sort of interact with it in uh three-dimensional space uh
it feels like Bladeunner. Like honestly it's like one of the most exciting ways I think of interacting with the tool. Um
because like vision is like how humans get 90% of their information. So the
fact that we have a tool that lets us visualize our mind like this is is is
incredibly significant I think. Um so now let's uh leave the uh the land of
technicality and go into um you know how do we actually use this in uh day-to-day
life. So one example is um you know I'm like hey uh Ovis go ahead and do an
analysis uh on these graphs. So for my customer uh their prefix is OCC. So any
graphs that start with OCC or for that particular customer and then you know it comes out and it
takes some time to learn how to like understand graphs um and and really gain
information from them cuz like it's its own sort of discipline uh more than
anything else. But it starts to give really meaningful insights such as hey
in this business you have this one operator. None of this information is written anywhere. It all lives in his mind. And
you know that's something that's a huge problem for many businesses. Tribal knowledge like all of the information
about how to run your business lives in the mind of different individuals. And
as a business that's like a risk cuz if they leave you literally are losing a
part of the business. But now that you have the collective hive mind,
everyone's information knowledge becomes everyone else's knowledge. And the
ability to share knowledge like that to have this central repository that you
can dive into using conversation at any time. Incredible. um we were already
seeing it where you know the business um is at capacity. So a new hire can't just
go to a seasoned operator and ask questions because there's a bunch of work to do. Now they're going to the
hive mind which is an infernotus knowledge graph and asking hey how do I
do this one particular process and it'll be clawed going into infernotis through
MCP figuring out you know the different information about that topic and then
coming back with an explanation and it's able to communicate at the level of the
operator right it can dumb itself down or uh smart itself up as much as needed
based on that communication ation style and like we are slowly getting rid of
the bottleneck and risk that is tribal knowledge and that's like a foundational
change in many businesses specifically manufacturing where you know you have
these experts that have been doing it for decades but as they start moving into retirement a big issue is like how
are we going to u how are we going to to address
... [truncated for space as it's a copy of the same text I just viewed]
